[OSDOCS#17136]: Changes as per CQA guidelines (#111163)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-greenboot-check-status.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-greenboot-check-status_{context}"]

> = Check the status of greenboot health checks

Reviewer: revert

[role="_abstract"]

> You can check the status of greenboot health checks before making changes to the system or while troubleshooting. Use any of the following commands to verify that greenboot scripts have finished running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check the status of greenboot health checks before making changes to the system or while troubleshooting. By using helpful commands to verify that greenboot scripts have finished running.
```
we should have a colon with "the following" but we can't use that in the abstract

.Procedure

> * Check the current greenboot health check status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Check the current greenboot health check status by running the following command:
```
again, do not remove proper procedure syntax
since there is more than one step, use numbered bullets (the other way would be to break each one into a separate module, but that seems like too much here)

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ systemctl show --property=SubState --value greenboot-healthcheck.service
----
+

> The command returns one of the following values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where:
```

+
`start`:: Greenboot checks are still running.
`exited`:: Checks have passed and greenboot has exited. Greenboot runs the scripts in the `green.d` directory when the system is in a healthy state.
`failed`:: Checks have not passed. Greenboot runs the scripts in the `red.d` directory when the system is in this state and restarts the system.

> * Check the numerical exit code of the greenboot health check service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Check the numerical exit code of the greenboot health check service by running the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ systemctl show --property=ExecMainStatus --value greenboot-healthcheck.service
----
+
An exit code of `0` means the health check succeeded. A non-zero exit code means the health check failed.

> * Run the following command to see the boot status message:

Reviewer: revert
